This, this, this, Mugo-san, you don't have to kick the bamboo.
You can just do it yourself.
If you don't, I won't do it.
I won't do it.
I really won't do it.
That's right, that's right, that's right, that's right.
Here, here, here, here.
This is what my mother gave me.
Here, take this.
Here.
I want to have another one.
Here, here, here.
The
Yome-go-no-shirume-mo-korori-to-se-korori-to-se-na-ko-ri-arou-ka-ira
That's right, here, here, here, here.
Here, here, here, Mugo-san.
If you don't kick the bamboo too much, it's not delicious.
Umm, Yome-go-san, you don't have to kick the bamboo.
You can kick it up to there.
Here, here, here, here.
You can kick it up.
Kick it up.
You're going to kick it up again.
You can kick it up.
This is a good one.
You can kick it up with my bamboo.
No, no, no.
You can kick it up.
Here, here, here, here.